Goal 1: Learn about Azure services and get certified

Successfully completed Azure Fundamentals and Azure Software Engineering bootcamps.
Currently in the progress of achieving the Azure Solutions Architect (AZ-305) certification. Went through around 50% of the required material and topics for the exam.

Goal 2: Onboard and have first contributions in the Repave/CTP areas

Completed onboarding as described in aka.ms/rebuildretrofit.
Participated in more than 10 code reviews, of which the most notable are the following:
Found serialization issue in the code: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_git/Azure-CIS-RebuildRetrofit/pullrequest/14795328
Found nullable string assignment: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_git/Azure-CIS-RebuildRetrofit/pullrequest/14966294
Found an issue where timestamp checking is bypassed when the validation is done for remote clouds: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_git/Azure-CIS-RebuildRetrofit/pullrequest/14985808
Suggested multiple adjustments for refactoring and cleaning the code: https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_git/967428a5-656c-4cb2-a17a-3258639878a0/pullrequest/15484502
At the point of writing this reflection, I have delivered 11 PBIs from the backlog (see query: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_queries/query-edit/d4f4ea71-40d3-4875-9133-5d6cf6a04084/). Currently, I have 3 ongoing PBIs, each requiring cross-team communication and synchronization.

Goal 3: Improve the onboarding experience for new colleagues

While going through the onboarding steps, I actively provided feedback to the team and discussed unclear steps such as:
Requiring a VISA for travel
Requesting access to learning resources, access that was not enabled at the moment of joining Microsoft
SAW setup
I also contributed to the onboarding documentation, one example being documenting the issues that I had while requesting a Yubi-key: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_workitems/edit/36833808

Goal 4: Become familiar with DRI activities in the Repave and CTP areas

Completed the ramp-up for DRI activities by going through the On Call Process and Activities.docx documentation.
Before being part of the on-call rotation I had the chance to work on the following IcM incidents:
Mitigated Incident-780318845 Details - IcM (with help from Alex) by initially removing the single tenant settings for CisRepaves AAD app. Correctly set-up multitenant support afterwards by allowing CORP tenant.
Mitigated incident Incident 781539659 . Required manual intervention for CisRepaves Beta AAD app.
I was involved in mitigating incidents Incident-775889961 Details - IcM and Incident-775881940 Details - IcM
From the support group I tackled the Keystone/Seed file Discrepancy (Madasu Sai Spandana (APTLY TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION): Keystone/Seed file Discrepancy ). For this topic requested further assistance and clarification from Madasu, the individual who raised the incident. After further investigation, I decided to open a Feature request in the team's backlog to be able to further investigate and prioritize the missing functionality asked by MSCOPS team members.
Goal 5: Build quality from the ground up in the workflows and services implemented
With all my contributions I prioritizing following best practices. The contributions I made in the Repave context adhere to coding best-practices and they do follow the standards required by the team and.
All my contributions where unit and integration tested. My contributions had over 80% of code coverage.
While writing code I did use AI extensively. Most of my code was generated by AI using Copilot. All the generated code was vetted by myself.
I was also actively using AI for the code reviews that I was doing for other colleagues. While carefully reviewing the improvements suggested by the AI agents, I was gathering only the suggestions that I considered being useful.

